I didn't expect Jiangnan's interpretation to be bullying others
Show off your power
Movement kills people
We're going to stand here
You do it
Then don't blame
I will report this.
Said someone was impersonating Miss Qin
Your end is much worse than business
Forestry
You will still do this as before.
Maybe this actress will end worse than you
You can't hurt people
And you are my wisest choice
Hey Jin Shao
I am Han Ying from the Han family
Today at the investment banquet in Jiangcheng
A woman claiming to be Miss Qin was present
He said I was the eldest lady of the Qin family
And he's also hanging out with a rice scavenger
My sister was like this three years ago
Also changed to me
Are you stupid or am I cheap?
Stupid
Then I'll take him there now and hand it over to you.
What do you want me to deal with?
You can decide for yourself.
Jack, get over here right now
See how powerful the enemy is and I'll give it to you
How dare you speak to Young Master Qin like this?
Ah, I'm sorry.
It was the storm man in his hands just now.
I'll deal with him now.
What happened to the police control?
What do you want?
Since me
I have to go see what's still with me
He Laogai is cheap
If the Lei family knows that your position is not good